Add Base64 to glossary (#474)
redhat-documentation/supplementary-style-guide: supplementary_style_guide/glossary_terms_conventions/general_conventions/b.adoc

*See also*: xref:distinguished-name[distinguished name]

[[base64]]
==== image:images/yes.png[yes] Base64 (noun, adjective)

> *Description*: _Base64_ is a group of binary-to-text encoding schemes that transforms binary data into a sequence of printable characters, limited to a set of 64 unique characters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Description*: _Base64_ is a group of binary-to-text encoding schemes that converts binary data into a sequence of 64 unique, printable characters.
```
